Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Jennífer castro: Hello. I don't know why.
Jennífer castro: Not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well,
Jennífer castro: I don't know why my headphones are automatically connect like where I can hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mind sometimes don't either. I had to go in and do it too.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, mute me or something, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
I'm good.
Jennífer castro: Say that one of my better day
Good.
Jennífer castro: Little
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: better days.
Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, not really, but I didn't wake up to like bullshit and drama.
Jennífer castro: You know,
Jennífer castro: A lot of times I wake up to that.
Jennífer castro: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it is a good day. Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Did I sister have to tell me
Jennífer castro: Go ahead. My sister has a girlfriend or and they're they're constantly fighting she's constantly calling her putting her down and calling my sister names and starting fights with their for no reason. And that's what I usually wake up to
Jennífer castro: Today I didn't
Jennífer castro: Oh, she left last night and well we know it's going to be back. But hopefully well and enjoy this couple of days that she's gone. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get some rest. Definitely get some quiet.
Jennífer castro: Yes, yes, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how's everything else going with you.
Jennífer castro: This one I'm sorry. I mean, this has been. All right. I've actually kind of
Jennífer castro: Trying to start new things. I started crocheting, which I'm not very good at, but I try, I'm starting are trying
Good.
Jennífer castro: Very fun. Hey, good morning.
Jennífer castro: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not very
Jennífer castro: Fun. Well, though, because I'm not very good at it yet. So like I can chain it and I can go, I'm doing rows back and forth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Jennífer castro: Oh, it's not really fun yet because I haven't been able to make anything yet. I think that's the fun part is making things anything. I haven't done it yet. I'm just doing rose
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you get in the rhythm and you get it down pat, you'll be able to pump out anything that you want.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, I'm hoping
Jennífer castro: With all this
Jennífer castro: What do you plan on team time. I just want to make like handbag or person or something like that that will actually use like sweaters, or nothing like that. I just want to make like handbag or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh nice blanket.
Jennífer castro: And I think that's too much time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Consuming
Jennífer castro: I know my mom. My mom took her like
Jennífer castro: She made up of like it for all of her grandbabies and we'll take her a long time like
Jennífer castro: I don't know. Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah definitely time consuming.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: I guess all I got the cloud, right now, though, right. Can you hear me.
Jennífer castro: I could barely hear you.
Jennífer castro: keep cutting in and out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't know what's going on with the internet or my zoom, but it's definitely been playing havoc today.
Jennífer castro: Okay, so it's not me then.
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I think that Zoom is overloaded, a little bit right now. And that's part of the problem.
Jennífer castro: I'll probably because they use zoom for everything now.
Jennífer castro: I did it. I did an interview on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You did.
Jennífer castro: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How'd that go
Jennífer castro: Oh, I'm fine. I mean, it's more, it's not as nerve wracking as when you go in, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah.
Jennífer castro: So it was, it was, it wasn't good, I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I don't know why they were
Jennífer castro: Home Depot.
Jennífer castro: Nice. I can't go up and I can't, I'm a massage therapist. I can't go back into my field of work for a while. The governor actually put $75 million aside for people like us that do hands on.
Jennífer castro: To get benefits or whatever, like I guess it's some kind of unemployment.
Jennífer castro: What is it called, especially the P. But so we can fall for that as of April 28
Jennífer castro: And will be approved.
Jennífer castro: As, obviously I'm not going back to work for a while.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean that they've done that.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, yeah. So I'm actually kind of looking into other fields, you know that I've done before prior or whatever, just because I don't think that
Jennífer castro: I don't time it's going to be my devil, and I'm already had enough of that right now, I think. Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Oh, and if I can get out of the house for any reason. I'm sure that I'm going to find it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So how have you been doing on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Using
Jennífer castro: What do you mean the math.
Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Well, I'm not gonna lie to you that I
Jennífer castro: I
Jennífer castro: Yesterday did black
Jennífer castro: I don't know.
Jennífer castro: I just felt like a
Jennífer castro: I don't know. It was like in a room, I guess, like, I don't know, I just felt really foggy yesterday.
Jennífer castro: And then I did something yesterday afternoon.
Jennífer castro: And it felt great. I hate that I hate that it feels good. I hate that. I like it.
Right.
Jennífer castro: So, but I told my man and and I told my mom and
Jennífer castro: She's like, Well, you know what it does. And you know what, where you go. So I'm almost pretty disappointed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And are you on Suboxone
Jennífer castro: Yes, ma'am.
Jennífer castro: And now it doesn't make me throw up or nothing. Want to use it.
Jennífer castro: They say it's supposed to. But it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What does it do what are the effects that you do get
Jennífer castro: It. I might get maybe get a little nauseous. But that's, that's it.
Jennífer castro: It doesn't like alter my
Jennífer castro: appetite for it, or none of that it's
Jennífer castro: Just even affected.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Milligrams, are you on
Jennífer castro: Eight and I take two and a half.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're like, I'm 18 eight
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: eight milligrams strips.
Jennífer castro: 16 Yeah, mm hmm 16 nama 20 it'd be 20 total right
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, like I was listening to group yesterday. And there's a scroll that takes five of them and a day.
Jennífer castro: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you talked to the doctor. Yeah. Have you talked to
Oh, yeah.
Jennífer castro: I see gimson
Jennífer castro: Okay, and I do actually told her that I was getting trying to take her down, and she told me not to that she would just
Jennífer castro: Take me on put me back on to instead of two and a half, because I just
Jennífer castro: I don't know, yesterday was like I said I was hired to though, so I don't know if I was just filling myself or what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you tell them in group that you would
Jennífer castro: Use that Dell. No. No, I didn't.
Jennífer castro: She didn't pass
But yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that she knows that just so that she can adjust your medication and not lower it but maybe you know maybe she can raise it a little
Jennífer castro: Bit to help you with
Jennífer castro: Yeah, I think I was a little embarrassed that I did. You know what I mean, like,
Jennífer castro: I was doing really good
Jennífer castro: But I guess.
Jennífer castro: If they just got to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that happens, Jennifer, you know, the important thing is that we get it out and that we, you know, adjust things to help us, you know, stay on the path that we, that we are on, you know, definitely. Nobody is here to to judge you. We want to help you get better. Right.
Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just know that you know that you're not going to be kicked off the program, you're not going to be condemned. You know, you're showing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you are going to group you're engaging individual with me. You know what I mean, it's about supporting you through this process to build that foundation that you need, you know,
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I kind of know I
Jennífer castro: Guess it doesn't stick. I don't know. I think I get more ashamed or whatever, like when I did that, like, I don't know. I mean this, I went into this my, on my own. Nobody asked me to do it. I just decided to do it that I was ready, and I'm not even
Jennífer castro: It did good for the first three weeks or two months or whatever it was.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can do you can continue to do good, you know,
Jennífer castro: I don't, I don't know, lately. I just don't feel like myself. So it was a good day I woke up. All right.
Jennífer castro: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a lot going on, you know, one thing that we don't like is change. And when change happens and we feel powerless around about the world around us makes this tough. So we want to be able to control what we can, you know,
Jennífer castro: Well, I haven't seen my grandkids and my kids and my month
Jennífer castro: My kids don't want to bring my grandbabies around with. I totally understand.
Yeah.
Jennífer castro: I mean, I haven't seen him at all.
Jennífer castro: My granddaughter FaceTime me one time.
Jennífer castro: Just to tell Sheila. Yeah, but
Jennífer castro: My son just turned 22 my middle one.
Jennífer castro: Funny to yesterday that might be too excited see him on his birthday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did try to call him.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, I call them and I text them and he called me and asked me.
Jennífer castro: Is spending time with us. I mean, he's been home with his son and his girlfriend and they live with her family. So it's kind of hard for me, too, because I feel like
Jennífer castro: I could just go over there and you know what I mean, like, I feel really out of place there.
Yeah.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, how old your grandson.
Jennífer castro: My grandson. He's six months old.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, that's my youngest and then I have a
Jennífer castro: Three year old and a three year old and a four year old my granddaughter's, it was just my oldest son, my youngest son is about chat or not about helping his baby do on summer, fall
Jennífer castro: So,
Jennífer castro: My oldest granddaughter was August 13 and then my youngest granddaughter her sister was one on July.
Jennífer castro: 28
Jennífer castro: So all my babies are summer, baby. Oh my god. Babies are gonna be like right now.
Jennífer castro: The hardest part of the summer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's funny.
Jennífer castro: It is I'm all you guys you know where they're at during Christmas season and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hindley
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And money. Do you want me to put a message out to Dr. Jamison
Jennífer castro: And you can if you feel you need to, I mean,
Jennífer castro: On
Jennífer castro: With Monday I have another group with Mary I guess on Monday nights at seven.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, I'm in that group.
Jennífer castro: Okay, yeah. So I'm going to be doing that too.
Jennífer castro: I think probably as much as I can get. I'm going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Good. Oh yeah, I mean you can if you want to. I'm supposed, I think I have to go get blood work, but she hasn't told me, but I think I'm hosting like once a month, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know if it's once a month that you have to get blood work, but I do know that there's an initial blood work that needs to be done.
Jennífer castro: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Yeah, I didn't. I thought it was like you know how they do the pre test. I thought they did.
Jennífer castro: A blood work that way.
Jennífer castro: Mm hmm.
Jennífer castro: I've been hearing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I said, Don't quote me, but I don't think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't
Think so. But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, you know, I'll find out from her. If you have an order for bloodwork as well.
Jennífer castro: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely I'll check into that for you to see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so tell me some of the things that we can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To help you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: achieve your goal.
Jennífer castro: My whole thing is I have like idle time a lot of and I'm in my head a lot
Jennífer castro: And
Jennífer castro: I can be myself a lot. I mean, even though I'm like around people. I feel like I'm like, I don't know.
Jennífer castro: I just, I know that when I'm on drugs. I feel careless and carefree like I just, I could be
Jennífer castro: Be around anybody. Do you know what I mean.
Jennífer castro: I just don't know. I mean, I cannot have no self esteem anyone
Jennífer castro: Unless I'm on drug
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Comes back after a while. Once you get, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you start working a program and you quit using, you know, you start working on those deeper issues and then it comes back.
Jennífer castro: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just have to remember that this you know what you have in your head, because that's where it lives, you know, it has, you know, one job and its job is to reel you back and to keep you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And take you out. That's the only job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's going to do it in any way that I possibly can.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jennífer castro: Oh my real mom. Yeah, I don't know, I feel like by. Yeah, I just thought, I don't know, I feel like other people are helping keeping me down like
Jennífer castro: My biological mother is not very supportive at all. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who else
Who else
Jennífer castro: my step dad, he's a jerk. I couldn't go to my mom's house like without him like
Jennífer castro: Saying something negative to me.
Jennífer castro: Not a big fan of me.
Jennífer castro: I don't, and
Jennífer castro: My two youngest kids they they acknowledge
Jennífer castro: The fact that I have a problem, but my oldest son because I didn't raise him.
Jennífer castro: When he was his whole life, like it was back and forth between his
Jennífer castro: Grandparents on me his dad side and
Jennífer castro: He has a lot of resentment towards me so
Jennífer castro: A times he don't even want my granddaughter's can buy or come over, you know, for these anatomy will take them from me.
Jennífer castro: And they'll make little comments, you know, like
Jennífer castro: I that really bothered me.
Yeah, it should
Jennífer castro: You know, definite long
Jennífer castro: Arms just
Jennífer castro: Never been supported. She's always better mentors.
Jennífer castro: But now she's clean my mom or the attic to
Jennífer castro: Clean for 20 years. I think it's really turned her life around but in doing so I think that's you.
Jennífer castro: Know pushed me aside and I know I feel like
Jennífer castro: She, her and her husband has moved out and lived on like left me.
Jennífer castro: Oh no she data on. So when I was a kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah. So you have those abandonment.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: I didn't even know who my real father was tells eight years old.
Jennífer castro: I thought this other man was my dad.
Jennífer castro: Who he still he stayed in my life.
Jennífer castro: My mom actually said she had two kids by him, and neither one of us ended up being his my dad. My dad got fixed and everything that he had two beautiful girls and
Jennífer castro: His father to either one of us.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That must have been devastatingly hard Oh, Simon.
Jennífer castro: Yeah. Then I rebelled against them. I didn't even want to be around him. I just talked to him. You're not my real dad, you know, I really pushed him away.
Jennífer castro: And he was just trying to be there. And my sister found out when she was 13 and we're only 10 months apart.
Jennífer castro: So,
Jennífer castro: And then I'm like night and day my dark, dark hair dark eyes. My sister's blonde hair, blue eyed porky
Jennífer castro: Like mine was so we're like, seriously, night and day.
Jennífer castro: And I always felt like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She had
Jennífer castro: long blonde curly hair no ringlets.
Jennífer castro: Not always felt like I'm
Jennífer castro: Home if she got all the tension. I don't even know my my grandma racing. Most the time
Jennífer castro: I was with my grandma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See your grandma raised you but not your sister.
Jennífer castro: NO, MY MOM DID SHE WASN'T MY MOM, all the time.
Jennífer castro: I was the first. Actually, I called my mom for the longest time, my mom sister.
Yeah.
Jennífer castro: I thought some of my mama.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that plays a big factor in how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You feel today, you know,
Jennífer castro: I do, I think, though. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a direct connection to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sure.
Jennífer castro: So,
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Say that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, I thought that was happy, you know,
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the sun is shining and there's
Jennífer castro: Yeah, the be
Jennífer castro: All you miss the corona. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yep, that the palm trees.
Jennífer castro: Yeah. Beautiful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely my mind can go there and wish I was laying on that beach fill in that sun, you know,
Jennífer castro: I know usually when I'm on my like reading like this. I'm outside in the sun. They're not the water because I lived up with the river.
Jennífer castro: Yeah yeah by
Jennífer castro: 12 me River. So I just got there and sit up like my peaceful peaceful place, I guess, whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, glad you have that
Jennífer castro: Sister comes out there. Actually, it's my sister's fishing spot. I kind of took it over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. You put sign up. It says peace.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you have chaos.
Jennífer castro: Bringing all stay here. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want a part of it.
Jennífer castro: My name my my piece.
Jennífer castro: That
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will contact Dr. Jamison and let her know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About your relapse let her know if she would evaluate your medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See if you know she can raise it a little bit that will help you with those triggers and cravings, definitely.
I've definitely heard
Huh.
Jennífer castro: Do you think there's a difference between the pills in the strip because
Jennífer castro: Somebody told me that the one the pills will actually kerger
Jennífer castro: I thought it was the strips that did that. But I guess it's the pills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know which ones to yeah i i don't know which ones do. But I do know that people do have a preference on on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which ones. You know that they like better, and some people I've heard like the pills better and some people like the strips better. So I think it's really an individual basis thing.
Jennífer castro: Because either way, kind of melt under your tongue so
Jennífer castro: Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know it takes longer for the pills.
Jennífer castro: I bet brightest grocer
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And probably tastes more nasty. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it part of what it's supposed to do. The Suboxone with it naloxone in it is to help with the triggers and the cravings, so that they're more manageable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I've also, you know, had people say that you know that they're not experiencing cravings, like they used to.
Jennífer castro: So I haven't been
Jennífer castro: I just think something triggered it or
Jennífer castro: Something that's what I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We got to figure out what that trigger is so that we can squash it like a bug.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we can identify it and squash it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, because we want to keep you on this path right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got a grandbaby coming, you need to be present for you know that baby's birth.
Jennífer castro: Need to be there now.
Jennífer castro: I've been there all of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing better about them.
Jennífer castro: EVEN THINK WE around each other at that
Point.
Jennífer castro: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be nice if you were able to be up front and present all the time, you know,
Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Well,
Jennífer castro: I kind of pride myself on that I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Jennífer castro: But yeah, I don't know, I just because I don't feel like I'm doing good enough to be around them. Sometimes
Jennífer castro: Because what, what am I, kids will tell me how that I'm not another one, don't care, and then my youngest son's gone all the time. He works he's gone, five days a week. So he went. He is always with this girl and his other kids are step kids. So I don't see him much. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 100% clean and had been for a while you're, you know, working on changing you know all the things that kept you in your addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that's what people would see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is, you know, the effort that that you're putting in what you're trying to do, how you're, you know, trying to make the changes that you need to make to be able to stay on this path. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's been my experience that people are more open to give you the opportunity, you know, to be there versus
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, versus not. So there's that piece, you know,
Jennífer castro: I'm fine with parking sign language. My sister.
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Jennífer castro: I gotta go inside.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece to, you know, we want to we want to be able to identify your triggers so that we can put roadblocks in its path.
Jennífer castro: Before it gets to the point of view.
Jennífer castro: Sir, hey,
Jennífer castro: I know she talked about
Jennífer castro: Wanting to come on
Jennífer castro: Okay, I gotta go in here.
Jennífer castro: Right right here, though.
Jennífer castro: In a minute.
Jennífer castro: Okay. Sorry, I'm looking for people in the house. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life happens. It's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's kind of where we want to get. So the next time that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: feel the urge or the craving to use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to identify what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What caused that that switch
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, what's
Jennífer castro: My counselor, you
Jennífer castro: My mom.
Oh hi guy.
Jennífer castro: Yeah.
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Jennífer castro: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, maybe that's the first step that we need to work on is really identifying you know what your triggers are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that one can
Jennífer castro: What do you say he's like
Jennífer castro: Oh,
Jennífer castro: All right. I love you.
Jennífer castro: Know a house or who that okay
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Jennífer castro: Okay, sorry there. They love
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I think that that's the first thing that we need to start working on is identifying your triggers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so that we can manage your cravings and put roadblocks.
In our
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, things that that make you think about using thinking, thinking that that would be a good idea. Now remember that your disease lives inside your brain. Remember that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it is it is a manipulator, and then it tells you all of the things that it knows that you need to hear in order to bring you back you know that can be working on your self esteem that can be working on your guilt that can be working on all of these
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things that you still have internally.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're holding on to right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: it'll grab ahold of you in any way that I possibly can. But the minute that you can identify that that's what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're able to combat it a little bit and fight it.
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Jennífer castro: Now, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that.
I will
Jennífer castro: You can tell me again next Monday to though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will
Jennífer castro: Okay, so we'll continue next or Monday or whatever.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'll see you on Monday night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we will keep the standing appointment on Thursdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And circulating on these into no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I'm going to email her right now.
Jennífer castro: Okay, thank you very much.
Jennífer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye. We'll see you Monday YouTube
Jennífer castro: All right, bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.